Rplaced all realative with absulote paths (#28057)
demisto/content: Packs/Lumu/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations

##### Lumu

> - Fixed an issue where relative path were used instead of absolute url in the integration description file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where relative paths were used instead of absolute URLs in the integration description file.
```
